From Deborah Lawlor to Everyone:  12:57 PM
Fantastic tool Luke. Would it translate to BioRxiv where we sent lots of preprints before MedRxiv didn't exist. Also wondering if you or anyone else is planning to look at median time to peer review publication and characteristics of those that seem never to.
OK you answered the first part of above. Love the open on going updated search

From chris zheng to Everyone:  12:58 PM
Thx for the nice talk, luke. Two questions, 1 can this be applied to other rxiv? 2 will your tool give a flag for evidence from rxiv given they may show evidence with uncertainties (e.g. Without peer review)

From Kate Tilling to Everyone:  12:59 PM
I like your example of comparing preprint with published version. Could use for meta-epidemiologic research e.g. the effect of guidelines/journal checklists?

From Deborah Lawlor to Everyone:  12:59 PM
Yes and also to see if there are some papers that used the preprint sever to get results out but never really intended to supbmit to peer review

From Caroline Relton _University of Bristol to Everyone:  01:00 PM
Luke - what would happen if the title of a paper changes between pre-print and peer-reviewed publication?

From Ahmed Elhakeem to Everyone:  01:01 PM
Great resource thank you for developing

From Tom Bond to Everyone:  01:04 PM
It might be interesting to see if there is a "preprint bias"- ie bias due to preprints having lower quality due to the lack of peer review. Could see how much value peer review adds...

From Gibran Hemani to Everyone:  01:06 PM
did you have to communicate to medrxiv that you were creating this service? e.g. to handle server load

From Deborah Lawlor to Everyone:  01:08 PM
I think you had answered it. I agree re peer review not being THE badge of quality but I guess there might be a preprint shelf-life where you might wonder say after ? 5 years something has not been peer review published. Longer term I think this is the way to go with open peer review
Agree - but would be interesting to look at that going forward

From Caroline Relton _University of Bristol to Everyone:  01:08 PM
Thanks Luke - excellent presentation